Microsoft Teams notifications documentation (#19)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/notifications.mdx

1. Create a new notification configuration.
1. After saving the configuration, enable it.

Go to the workspace's notifications settings and press the "Add Notification" button. This loads a form for creating a new notification configuration. Fill in the following fields to configure your notifications:

> - **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down.  Refer to [Notification Payloads](#notification-payloads) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Refer to [Notification Payloads](#notification-payloads) for details.
```

- **Webhook URL** Only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks. The destination URL for the webhook payload. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.
  - For Slack notifications, refer to Slack's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#create_a_webhook).
  - For Microsoft Teams notifications, refer to Microsoft's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).
- **Token** Optional; only available for generic webhooks. An arbitrary secret string that Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. Refer to [Notification Authenticity][inpage-hmac] for details. This setting is encrypted for storage, so you cannot view it after saving.

- **Email Recipients** Only available for emails. Select the users from the workspace's organization to notify.

- **Triggers:** Whether to notify this destination for all events, or only for selected events. The following specific events are available:

>   - **Created**: When a run is created and enters the **Pending** state.
>   - **Planning**: When a run acquires the lock and starts to execute.
>   - **Needs Attention**: Human decision required. When a plan has changes and is not auto-applied, or requires a policy override.
>   - **Applying**: When a run begins the apply stage, after a plan is confirmed or auto-applied.
>   - **Completed**: When a run has completed successfully.
>   - **Errored**: When a run has terminated early due to error or cancellation.

Reviewer: I'm so sorry I missed this last time. Should **Pending** be in this list separately? Is it ever in Created, or does it go directly to pending?

```suggestion
  - **Created**: The run is created and enters the **Pending** state.
  - **Planning**: The run acquires the lock and starts to execute.
  - **Needs Attention**: Human decision required. When a plan has changes and is not auto-applied, or requires a policy override.
  - **Applying**: The run begins the apply stage, after a plan is confirmed or auto-applied.
  - **Completed**: The run has completed successfully.
  - **Errored**: The run has terminated early due to error or cancellation.
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, good question!  There isn't actually created state for a run. As soon as a run is created, it is in the "pending" state.

The notification is called "created" (you'll get something in your email, or slack, like "hey, a new run has been created"). That notification gets _generated_ when a run enters the pending state...i.e., as soon as the run gets created.

Hopefully that makes sense...I think it is confusing how we mix notification triggers and run states here, now that you point it out. Maybe something like `The run is created, and is queued`, what do you think @laurapacilio ?

Reviewer: yeah i think I like that! I don't know I know we have other mentions of state elsewhere but this is the only one that confused me. I think that's a reasonable edit!

Fill in the following fields to configure your notifications:

> * **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Payload contents are [documented below][inpage-payload].

Reviewer: Also --> Is that the right bookmark? It doesn't seem to be formatted with the traditional #, which is why I'm asking!  I think it could make sense to change it to notification payloads, as I have below. Let me know if you disagree!

```suggestion
* **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Refer to [Notification Payloads][#notification-payloads] for details.
```
```suggestion
* **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Payload contents are [documented below][inpage-payload].
```

Reviewer 2: the [inpage-payload] thing also works because we define the `[inpage-payload]` anchor here https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/blame/main/website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/notifications.mdx#L81

Im not sure if there is a preferred way, but I also prefer just [link text](#heading-name), @tylerwolf can jump in and correct me if there is a reason to do it the [link text][anchor defined elsewhere] way

Reviewer: okay! i'm okay with you using that anchor (thank you for explaining!) but I would like to keep the Refer to notification payloads for details. 

Where notification payloads is the link text. This adheres to our style guide --> We want to have the most descriptive link text possible and we want to avoid saying "below" when we can.

Reviewer 2: For sure! I think that is should be correct now https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/pull/19/files#diff-84d2bf59be9dd9dd7a529cb93603bfedc4529a645c1f5d8346f76e629ddfb9b6R42

`Refer to [Notification Payloads](#notification-payloads) for details.`

> * **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Payload contents are [documented below][inpage-payload].

Reviewer: Also --> Is that the right bookmark? It doesn't seem to be formatted with the traditional #, which is why I'm asking!  I think it could make sense to change it to notification payloads, as I have below. Let me know if you disagree!

```suggestion
* **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Refer to [Notification Payloads][#notification-payloads] for details.
```
```suggestion
* **Destination:** Terraform Cloud can deliver either a generic payload, a payload formatted specifically for Slack, Microsoft Teams, or an Email. Choose which type you want from the drop-down. Payload contents are [documented below][inpage-payload].
```

* **Name:** An arbitrary display name to use for this notification configuration.

> * **Webhook URL** _(only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks):_ The destination URL to send the webhook payload to. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests, and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.

Reviewer: I don't think we need the italics --> our new style guidelines say that we should avoid using italics when possible! 

```suggestion
* **Webhook URL** Only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks. The destination URL to send the webhook payload to. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests, and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.
```
```suggestion
* **Webhook URL** _(only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks):_ The destination URL to send the webhook payload to. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests, and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.
```

> * **Webhook URL** _(only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks):_ The destination URL to send the webhook payload to. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests, and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.

Reviewer: I don't think we need the italics --> our new style guidelines say that we should avoid using italics when possible! 

```suggestion
* **Webhook URL** Only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks. The destination URL to send the webhook payload to. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests, and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.
```
```suggestion
* **Webhook URL** _(only available for generic, Slack, and Microsoft Teams webhooks):_ The destination URL to send the webhook payload to. This URL must accept HTTP or HTTPS `POST` requests, and should be able to do something useful with the chosen payload type.
```

Reviewer 2: Duplicate of https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/pull/19#discussion_r889130355

>   * If you are sending notifications to Slack, see Slack's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#create_a_webhook).
>   * If you are sending notifications to Microsoft Teams, see the Teams documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).
> 
> * **Token** _(optional; only available for generic webhooks):_ An arbitrary secret string, which Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. ([See "Notification Authenticity" below][inpage-hmac].) This setting is encrypted for storage, and cannot be viewed after it is saved.

Reviewer: We always want to use "refer to" rather than "see". This is important to make sure that our content conforms to our style guide and doesn't use ableist language. 

```suggestion
  * For Slack notifications, refer to Slack's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#create_a_webhook).
  * For Microsoft Teams notifications, refer to Microsoft's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).

* **Token** _(optional; only available for generic webhooks):_ An arbitrary secret string, which Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. ([See "Notification Authenticity" below][inpage-hmac].) This setting is encrypted for storage, and cannot be viewed after it is saved.
```
```suggestion
  * If you are sending notifications to Slack, see Slack's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://api.slack.com/messaging/webhooks#create_a_webhook).
  * If you are sending notifications to Microsoft Teams, see the Teams documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).

* **Token** _(optional; only available for generic webhooks):_ An arbitrary secret string, which Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. ([See "Notification Authenticity" below][inpage-hmac].) This setting is encrypted for storage, and cannot be viewed after it is saved.
```

Reviewer 2: Duplicate of https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/pull/19#discussion_r889131844

> * **Token** _(optional; only available for generic webhooks):_ An arbitrary secret string, which Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. ([See "Notification Authenticity" below][inpage-hmac].) This setting is encrypted for storage, and cannot be viewed after it is saved.

Reviewer 2: All `*` bullet points should now be changed to `-`, and I have checked that it renders properly!

  - For Microsoft Teams notifications, refer to Microsoft's documentation on [how to create an incoming webhook](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).
- **Token** Optional; only available for generic webhooks. An arbitrary secret string that Terraform Cloud will use to sign its notification webhooks. Refer to [Notification Authenticity][inpage-hmac] for details. This setting is encrypted for storage, so you cannot view it after saving.

- **Email Recipients** Only available for emails. Select the users from the workspace's organization to notify.

- **Triggers:** Whether to notify this destination for all events, or only for selected events. The following specific events are available:
  - **Created**: When a run is created and enters the "Pending" state.
  - **Planning**: When a run acquires the lock and starts to execute.
  - **Needs Attention**: Human decision required. When a plan has changes and is not auto-applied, or requires a policy override.
  - **Applying**: When a run begins the apply stage, after a plan is confirmed or auto-applied.

>   - **Completed**: When a run has completed on a happy path and can't go any further.

Reviewer 2: Just want to check with @tylerwolf that "successfully" is correct here, in case there is some sort of success state which is different than the "completed" state

>   - **Completed**: When a run has completed on a happy path and can't go any further.

Author: I think "successfully" makes sense here 👍

## Notification Payloads

### Slack

Notifications to Slack will contain the following information:

- The run's workspace (as a link)
- The Terraform Cloud username and avatar of the person that created the run
- The run ID (as a link)
- The reason the run was queued (usually a commit message or a custom message)
- The time the run was created

> - The event that triggered the notification, and the time it occurred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The event that triggered the notification and the time that event occurred
```

### Microsoft Teams

Notifications to Microsoft Teams contain the following information:

- The run's workspace (as a link)
- The Terraform Cloud username and avatar of the person that created the run
- The run ID
- A link to view the run
- The reason the run was queued (usually a commit message or a custom message)
- The time the run was created

> - The event that triggered the notification, and the time it occurred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The event that triggered the notification and the time that event occurred 
```

> -> **Note:** Microsoft Teams notifications are available in Terraform Enterprise v202206-1 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** Microsoft Teams notifications are available in Terraform Enterprise v202206-1 and later.
```

* The time the run was created
* The event that triggered the notification, and the time it occurred

### Microsoft Teams

> Notifications to Microsoft Teams will contain the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifications to Microsoft Teams contain the following information:
```
```suggestion
Notifications to Microsoft Teams will contain the following information:
```

Reviewer 2: Duplicate of https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/pull/19#discussion_r889136942

> Notifications to Microsoft Teams will contain the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifications to Microsoft Teams contain the following information:
```
```suggestion
Notifications to Microsoft Teams will contain the following information:
```
